Add scenarios to the tutorials (#3702)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/scenarios/scenario10-notifications-webhooks.md

# Scenario 10 - Notifications Using Webhooks

## User Story

> **From time to time GoGo transit provides notifications to the Train companies. (For eg: platform unavailability, revised fees etc). GoGo transit is planning to provide these information as webhooks so that the Train companies can subscribe to these notifications without continuously polling.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From time to time GoGo transit provides notifications to the Train companies. (For e.g., platform unavailability, revised fees, etc.). GoGo transit is planning to provide this information as webhooks so that the Train companies can subscribe to these notifications without continuously polling.
```

> WebHooks only allows one-way communication, from a caller web app to calle web app. The client who intends 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebHooks only allow one-way communication, from a caller web app to caller web app. The client who intends 
```

to receive the events from the server/web app/publisher has to register its URL against the interesting events 

> in the publisher. When an event occurs, if a client is registered for that event the publisher will make an 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the publisher. When an event occurs, if a client is registered for that event, the publisher will make an 
```

HTTP POST request to the registered URL of the client to notify the event.

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/scenario_notification_api.png" alt="Webhook notifications" title="Webhook notifications" width="60%" />

> You can view Webhook API created in WSO2 API manager by going to the publisher 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the Webhook API created in WSO2 API Manager by going to the publisher 
```

(Super tenant - admin). [https://localhost:9443/publisher/apis](https://localhost:9443/publisher/apis) 

You can publish notifications under different topics.

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/notification_api_topics.png" alt="Notification Topics" title="Notification Topics" width="60%" />

> To subscribe to the API, you need to go to the developer portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To subscribe to the API, you need to go to the Developer Portal.
```

> 1. Go to [https://localhost:9443/devportal/](https://localhost:9443/devportal/) Dev portal and select **Carbon.super** tenant domain. This will redirect you to the super tenant developer portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [https://localhost:9443/devportal/](https://localhost:9443/devportal/) Developer Portal and select **Carbon.super** tenant domain. This will redirect you to the super tenant Developer Portal.
```
Let's use title case for all major components like Developer Portal, Gateway, Key Manager, etc.

> 2. Sign in with a Super tenant, developer portal user. (peter)

Reviewer: Please add password to all similar instances.

Author: Fixed

3. Click on NotificationAPI and click subscribe using a policy and generate the access token.

> 4. To receive notifications, we need to register a service which will be called for each event. We can use [https://webhook.site/](https://webhook.site/) for this purpose. You can use the webhook site unique url to subscribe yourself to the **general** topic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To receive notifications, we need to register a service that will be called for each event. We can use [https://webhook.site/](https://webhook.site/) for this purpose. You can use the webhook site unique URL to subscribe yourself to the **general** topic. 
```

5. Go to **Try out** tab and enter the following details under **general** topic.

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/notification_subscribe_devportal.png" alt="Subscribing to Topic" title="Subscribing to Topic" width="60%" />

> Click on **Generate Curl** and copy the Curl the command and run it on your terminal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on **Generate Curl**, copy the Curl command, and run it on your terminal. 
```

> This will subscribe your client (webhook site) to the API manager. You can verify that the subscription was 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will subscribe your client (webhook site) to the API Manager. You can verify that the subscription was 
```

successful by checking the event that was received on the Webhook site.

6. To send a notification, you need to retrieve the callback URL for a topic from the publisher. Sign in to the publisher again with admin user credentials and select NotificationsAPI.

> 7. You can get the Callback URL, by visiting the Topics tab and selecting the topic you desire. Since we have subscribed to the **general **topic above, let’s get the URL for that topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. You can get the Callback URL by visiting the Topics tab and selecting the topic you require. Since we have subscribed to the **general** topic above, let’s get the URL for that topic.
```

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/notification_topic_configuration.png" alt="Topic Configuration" title="Topic Configuration" width="60%" />

> 8. Next we need to go to the **Subscription Configuration** section on the top and enable it. Click on the **Generate** button and generate a secret. We need this secret to calculate the hmac value which we will be sending in the request header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Next we need to go to the **Subscription Configuration** section on the top and enable it. Click on the **Generate** button and generate a secret. We need this secret to calculate the hmac value that we will be sending in the request header.
```

<img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/tutorials/scenarios/notification_topic_secret.png" alt="Subscription Configuration" title=""Subscription Configuration" width="60%" />

9. Let’s say that we are going to send the below payload.

```
    {"Message" : "Platform 12 on Braybrooke station will be closed for 2 hours on 2021-09-07T-15:50+00"}
```

> We need to calculate the hmac value for the above payload using the secret we have generated  in the publisher. We can do this on the website https://www.freeformatter.com/hmac-generator.html. (Use SHA1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to calculate the hmac value for the above payload using the secret we have generated in the publisher. We can do this on the following website: [https://www.freeformatter.com/hmac-generator.html](https://www.freeformatter.com/hmac-generator.html) (Use SHA1).
```

> 10. With the hmac value derived above, we can invoke the below request which will send an event in the **general** topic. This event will be received on the webhook site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. With the hmac value derived above, you can invoke the below request that will send an event in the **general** topic. This event will be received on the webhook site.
```
